links.md, before:

[![Discord][discord-img]][discord-link]

[Snake Game](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/snake)

[Endless snake](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/snake/endless)

[tetris](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/tetris)

[Jumping game](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/mark/project_neptune01/secret)

[School Files](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files)

[Mark's page](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/mark)

[Project Neptune thingy](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/mark/project_neptune01)

[Main Page](https://memesggopoop28.github.io)

[Bomb page - In PROGRESS!!!](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/bomb)

[Search page using SearXNG - bR0KkEN!!!](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/search)

[Use this to rick roll someone](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/rick)

[Answer to the question on](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/num5Answer) [my homepage!!!](https://memesggopoop28.github.io)

[Math Investigation](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/src/math-investigation)

If there is a link that I have forgotten to put up here, don't forget to email me at nori.miya.kuzaku@gmail.com









[discord-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7389D8?logo=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-link]: https://discord.gg/kWYZM3KVfE

Commit message:

Remember to check out the website domain name and change it to a more accessible one thx

links.md, after:

[![Discord][discord-img]][discord-link]

[Snake Game](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/snake)

[Endless snake](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/snake/endless)

[tetris](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/tetris)

[Jumping game](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/mark/project_neptune01/secret)

[School Files](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files)

[Mark's page](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/mark)

[Project Neptune thingy](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/mark/project_neptune01)

[Main Page](https://memesggopoop28.github.io)

[Bomb page - In PROGRESS!!!](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/bomb)

[Search page using SearXNG - bR0KkEN!!!](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/search)

[Use this to rick roll someone](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/school_files/rick)

[Answer to the question on](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/num5Answer) [my homepage!!!](https://memesggopoop28.github.io)

[Math Investigation](https://memesggopoop28.github.io/src/math-investigation)

If there is a link that I have forgotten to put up here, don't forget to email me at nori.miya.kazuka@gmail.com or saloraxz@icloud.com

 Make sure to check out @kazuka-miya and @memesggopoop28 👍 thx









[discord-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7389D8?logo=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-link]: https://discord.gg/kWYZM3KVfE
